ACP2E-3217: Adjust CSP documentation (#295)
AdobeDocs/commerce-php: src/pages/development/security/content-security-policies.md

</csp_whitelist>
```

<InlineAlert variant="warning" slots="text"/>

> You must whitelist `script` and `style` tags that you add in the Admin. For example, the **Scripts and Style Sheets** field in the [HTML Head ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/content-design/design/page-setup#html-head) section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must whitelist `script` and `style` tags that you add in the Admin. For example, the **Scripts and Style Sheets** field in the [HTML Head](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/content-design/design/page-setup#html-head) section).
```

> Script or style tags added through the admin panel (_Scripts and Style Sheets_ section from [Content Design](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/content-design/design/page-setup#html-head) area for example) should be whitelisted as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must whitelist `script` and `style` tags that you add in the Admin. For example, the **Scripts and Style Sheets** field in the [HTML Head ](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/content-design/design/page-setup#html-head) section).
```
